Loading & Importing Files

MAF only deals with MAF documents. All other file types are imported or converted into MAF documents for viewing or editing.
	Import types:
		1. GEDCOM 5.5/5.5.1
		2. MAF Documents
		3. PAF for Mac 2.1/2.3.1 Documents (Family Records 2.3.1)
		4. TempleReady Update Files (.oup) *not implemented*

Opening a file always consists of loading that data into a new MAF document and making it the current active document.
	Ways to Open a file:
		1. When launching MAF, it will automatically open files that were open the last time it was quit
		2. File->Open
		3. Drag & drop a file onto the application icon
		4. File->Import and select Import into new MAF document option
Importing can either add the data from that file into the current active MAF document, or we will give the user the option to load into a new document as well
	Ways to import a file:
		1. File->Import and select Import into current MAF document option
		2. (possible future consideration: drag & drop a file onto an open MAF document window)

For now, the ImportController handles all file loading and importing. In the future we would like to split MAF document opening away from the ImportController.

Opening a file:
	1. At some point in the open process, MAF will be given a file path and optionally a file type. A new valid MAF document is also provided
	2. An NSData object is filled with the contents of the file.
		- If path is not valid or data cannot be loaded, user is notified and process stops.
	3. MAF will attempt to determine the file type if it is not provided, using both the file extension or by examining the first few bytes of the NSData object
		- If file type cannot be determined, user is notified of error and process is aborted.
	4. Using the correct conversion algorithm for the file type, data is turned into MAF domain objects and inserted into MAF document.
		- errors and warnings during conversion should be saved as a collection and presented to the user at the end of the Open process.
	5. The new MAF Document window is displayed and made the active current document. User is presented with any errors or warnings.
	
Importing a file:
	1. At some point in the open process, MAF will be given a file path and optionally a file type. There should be an existing current MAF document.
	2. An NSData object is filled with the contents of the file.
		- If path is not valid or data cannot be loaded, user is notified and process stops.
	3. MAF will attempt to determine the file type if it is not provided, using both the file extension or by examining the first few bytes of the NSData object
		- If file type cannot be determined, user is notified of error and process is aborted.
	4. Using the correct conversion algorithm for the file type, data is turned into MAF domain objects and inserted into a temporary MAF document.
		- errors and warnings during conversion should be saved as a collection and presented to the user.
	5. User is presented with a preview of the import document contents, as well as any errors or warnings, and given the option to complete the import.
	6. If user chooses to import, domain objects from temporary MAF document are inserted into the current active MAF document
		- Some domain objects will need to be modified so as to avoid ID conflicts. This should be performed in the temporary MAF document prior to insertion
	7. Current MAF document display is refreshed to include newly imported data.
	